Advanced mechanism controls (#361)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-control/trapezoidal-profiles.rst

> Trapezoidal Motion Profiles in WPILib

Author: It already does have this, in one of the initial notes at the top of the article.

> Trapezoidal Motion Profiles in WPILib

Reviewer: Oh... I see that note is a bit unclear. I'll leave a comment on it.

=====================================

.. todo:: link to conceptual motion profiling article

.. note:: This article covers the in-code generation of trapezoidal motion profiles.  Documentation describing the involved concepts in more detail is forthcoming.

.. note:: For a guide on implementing the ``TrapezoidProfile`` class in the :ref:`command-based framework <docs/software/commandbased/what-is-command-based:What Is "Command-Based" Programming?>` framework, see :ref:`docs/software/commandbased/profile-subsystems-commands:Motion Profiling through TrapezoidProfileSubsystems and TrapezoidProfileCommands`.

> .. note:: The ``TrapezoidProfile`` class, used on its own, is most useful when composed with a custom controller.  To integrate it with a WPILib ``PIDController``, see :doc:`profiled-pidcontroller`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The ``TrapezoidProfile`` class, used on its own, is most useful when composed with a smart motor controller with a built-in controller.  To integrate it with a WPILib ``PIDController``, see :doc:`profiled-pidcontroller`.
```

Author: I clarified this with slightly different wording, since that's not the only sort of custom controller one might want to use.

In order to create a trapezoidal motion profile, we must first impose some constraints on the desired motion.  Namely, we must specify a maximum velocity and acceleration that the mechanism will be expected to achieve during the motion.  To do this, we create an instance of the ``TrapezoidProfile.Constraints`` class (`Java <https://first.wpi.edu/FRC/roborio/development/docs/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/trajectory/TrapezoidProfile.Constraints.html>`__, `C++ <https://first.wpi.edu/FRC/roborio/development/docs/cpp/classfrc_1_1TrapezoidProfile_1_1Constraints.html>`__):

.. tabs::

  .. code-tab:: java

    // Creates a new set of trapezoidal motion profile constraints
    // Max velocity of 10 meters per second
    // Max acceleration of 20 meters per second squared
    new TrapezoidProfile.Constraints(10, 20);

  .. code-tab:: c++

    // Creates a new set of trapezoidal motion profile constraints
    // Max velocity of 10 meters per second
    // Max acceleration of 20 meters per second squared
    frc::TrapezoidProfile<units::meters>::Constraints{10_mps, 20_mps_sq);

Start and End States
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Next, we must specify the desired starting and ending states for our mechanisms using the ``TrapezoidProfile.State`` class (`Java <https://first.wpi.edu/FRC/roborio/development/docs/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/trajectory/TrapezoidProfile.State.html>`__, `C++ <https://first.wpi.edu/FRC/roborio/development/docs/cpp/classfrc_1_1TrapezoidProfile_1_1State.html>`__).  Each state has a position and an acceleration:

Reviewer 2: This should be "position and velocity."

.. tabs::

  .. code-tab:: java

    // Creates a new state with a position of 5 meters
    // and a velocity of 0 meters per second
    new TrapezoidProfile.State(5, 0);

  .. code-tab:: c++

    // Creates a new state with a position of 5 meters

>     // and a velocity of 0 meters per second squared

Reviewer 2: Velocity should have units of "meters per second."
